Permit configuration of hardfork activation blocks (#1928)
nomiclabs/hardhat: docs/hardhat-network/guides/mainnet-forking.md

This will reset Hardhat Network, starting a new instance in the state described [here](../reference/#initial-state).

## Using a custom hardfork history

If you're forking an unusual network, and if you want to execute EVM code in the context of a historical block retrieved from that network, then you will need to configure Hardhat Network to know which hardforks to apply to which blocks. (If you're forking a well-known network, Hardhat Network will automatically choose the right hardfork for the execution of your EVM code, based on known histories of public networks, so you can safely ignore this section.)

For example, to configure a hardfork activation history for a network with `chainId` 99:

```js
networks: {
  hardhat: {
    forking: {
      url: "https://your.node/",

>       hardforkActivationsByChain: {

Author: Addressed in https://github.com/nomiclabs/hardhat/pull/1928/commits/ba781a599d08ee43e71786f117f1b047d4097164

        99: {
          berlin: 10000000,
          london: 20000000,
        },
      }
    }
  }
}
```

> In this context, a "historical block" is one whose number is prior to `forking.blockNumber`. If you try to run code in the context of a historical block, _without_ having a hardfork history, then an error will be thrown. The known hardfork histories of most public networks are assumed as defaults.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this context, a "historical block" is one whose number is prior to the block you forked from. If you try to run code in the context of a historical block, _without_ having a hardfork history, then an error will be thrown. The known hardfork histories of most public networks are assumed as defaults.
```

forking.blockNumber is not always present
